Add GitHub folder (#4)
crossplane-contrib/provider-jet-gcp: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug Report

> about: Help us diagnose and fix bugs in Crossplane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Help us diagnose and fix bugs in GCP Provider
```
Similarly in other places.

Author: Copied from tf-aws and we will need to do the same there.
